Patch 0.3.1:
  Updated for 1.3.3
Patch 0.3.0:
  Fixed Linked Capacitor Arrays appearing outside of a set. They have been moved to the Energy Weapon Mods set.
  Fixed Electronics set text not being formated correctly. Should say Electronics - Equipment now.
  Fixed Continuous Laser arrays not being able to fire.
  Updated names for weapons in the mechbay so they are more apparant at a glance what they are.
  Updated the names for the weapons in the hud so they are short and understandable.
  Added Charging Particle Cannons. Bit faster fire rate, same damage but require charging before firing.
  Added custom firing sound efect for Particle Accelerators.
  Added static rifles
  Updated for 1.2.2
Patch 0.2.7:
  Oops. Forgot to update the factions.
Patch 0.2.6:
  1.2.0 support update.
Patch 0.2.5:
  Added new contract types.
Patch 0.2.1:
  Hopefully fixed NRE on assassination mission generation.
  Start of random contract overhaul.
Patch 0.2.0:
  Adjusted filestructure so all equipment and weapons are organized for implementation of faction variant weapons.
  Made HE AC rounds create a explosion effect to emphasise the aoe damage.
  Added AP, Flak, Magnum, Incendiary, Caseless Precision AC rounds.
  Adjusted Colors of weapons and ammo.
  Most hardpoint colors changed.
  Rebalanced HE rounds to have 80% normal ammo, all new ac ammos also have 80% except for magnum which has 60%
  Added Slug Ammo for CAC weapons.
  Added Plasma Accelerators, rapid fire low damage energy weapons.
  Added lightweight structure as a way to gain weight at the cost of structure hp.
  Split up the gyro upgrade into a mk1 and mk2.
  Added 8 new Tanks.
  Added Swarm LRM ammo.
  Added Aoe, Incendiary, and Swarm MRM ammo.
  Added Advanced SRM 8, 2x Small Laser Array, and 2x Medium Laser array mostly to fit the reduced hardpoint count of tanks.
Patch 0.1.0:
  Entered Beta.
  Added more MG arrays.
  Added Continuous Laser Arrays
  Added Cannon Arrays.
  Started work on faction weapon variants, not finished yet.
  Fixed Pontiff Prime being shown as "Ultra Light"
Patch 0.0.7:
  Added more new Variants. 4 for the Fury, 4 for the Ghost Wolf, 4 for the Gunstar, and 10 for the Hammer. Will probably be reworked next version.
Patch 0.0.6:
  Added Shredder Variant with twin Rapid Fire Gauss.
  Added four new Anvil variants. The A, B, C, and D
  Added 8 new variants of the Barrage, A, B, C, CG, CR, CS, D, and M.
  Added 6 new variants of the Dreadnought, A, B, C, D, M, RAC.
  Added 4 new variants of the Falcon, A, B, C, and D.
Patch 0.0.5:
  Added new Mech the Pontiff. A moddification of the Priest.
  Removed HE Autocannons.
  Added HE Autocannon Ammo.
Patch 0.0.4:
  Added Twin Particle Cannons.
  Organized the XML files into their own folders to make it easier to find items in the future.
Patch 0.0.3:
  Added HE Autocannons.
  Added Cannister Gauss.
Patch 0.0.2:
  Added Rapidfire Normal, Light, Heavy Gauss.
Patch 0.0.1:
  Added in a Burst fire micro gauss called a Rapidfire Micro Gauss